in this video we show you how to control
the sounds on your Hawaii ascend g300 so
with your device powered on the main way
is to actually control the sound through
the volume keys on the side of the
device pressing it up and down you'll
see at the moment we're adjusting the
ringer volume but if you're in the music
application that would adjust the sound
volume there so that's a quick way of
doing it although there's more advanced
way by clicking menu settings and
clicking sound here we have a full range
of controls over the sounds on the
device so starting off with silent mode
so this is where we switch all sounds
from the device off and it might only be
vibrate mode then only so you can switch
that on and off here we then have the
vibrate option and we can decide when
that comes on so you can always even
when the sounds are on we can have it
never come on
only in silent mode only when not in
silent motes those options are up to you
and you can select those you then
control the volume here and you've got
different volumes that we can control
and so the ringtone for calls medias
that could be music we scroll up and
down then we've got the alarm volume and
you can choose and change those as you
wish
you click OK so you can then choose the
phone ringtone and you can click
ringtone and you get a list of
pre-installed ringtones choose the one
you want click OK or you can cancel you
can also choose from your music if you
have any on the phone as well you can
have an increasing ringtone and that's
on when it's got a green tick but you
can switch it off and what that means is
it doesn't start off loud straight away
it gradually increases in its volume you
can then change the notification
ringtone
like the phone ringtone you can choose a
ringtone pre-installed on the phone or
from your music and that relates to your
text messages so if you want a different
sound for that you can then choose
whether you have sounds on for things
like the dial pad so he can switch on so
when you type in a number where you get
a beep each time you enter a number or
not so at the moment that switched on
and we can switch that off so you can
have it that there's audible selections
every time you tap something on the
screen that's quite good if you're
potentially have poor sight or some sort
of impairment it can become a little bit
frustrating every time you tap the
screen but that's there for you if you
want whether there's anything when you
lock the screen similar principle ticket
on or off and whether you get haptic
feedback and that's when you actually
touch something on the screen whether
you get a little vibrate especially in
the keyboard you know to confirm that
you've actually pressed a particular key
and that's very useful indeed so that's
just some of the controls there for the
sound settings on the huawei ascend G